This is a Simple calculator program that performs basic arithmetic operations such as Addition , Subtraction , Multiplication , Division. Input any two numbers and choose any operation to perform .Let me explain this in detail .
Header Incluion: The code begins with including necessary header file - iostream for input and output operation.
Namespace Usuage: using namespace std; is a directive that tells the compiler to consider all the entities in the std namespace as if they have declared in the global namespace. This is done to avoid having to prepend std::to every standard library function or object.
Main Function : The program's execution starts from the main function. 
Class Declaration : A Class named 'calculator' has been created with the variables 'a' and 'b' as float under protected access specifier and a constructor to get the value of two numbers and functions were created for every operations under public access specifier.
Object Declaration : To access the class 'calculator' , a Object named 'calc' is declared inside main function.
Variable Declaration : opt - Holds the choice of operation , rpt - to repeat the operation according to the User's wish.
Operations : each and every function in the class 'calculator' will perform its respective operation and display the value. First , User have to enter any two numbers irrespective of float or integer datatype. The given two numbers will be stored in the variables 'a' and 'b' and User have to choose the operation from the choices and it will be stored in the variable 'opt'. Now ,according to the value of 'opt',the function will be called from the class 'calculator' using Switch statement. After performing the selected function ,the control comes to the main() function asking the user to continue again or not. And the value will be stored in the variable 'rpt'. if the value of rpt ==1 ,then the above operations will continue again. This is achieved by using Do while loop.
Return statement : The main() function return 0 , indicating successful execution .
